he was last seen last night
appearance we are told he was wearing
his lawson cena's high school
did you have a nice vacation with the
marquis huh
i'm sorry no no so maybe your girlfriend
had something to do with it i were you
i'd actually try to pass my classes this
year otherwise mom and dad will cut you
off and you weren't born to be born what
are you doing here
i have as much right to be here as you
do
my sister is dead at 16 years
old as of right now if any of you talk
to that [ __ ] waiter then you're gonna
be dead to me
ten minutes every afternoon isn't enough
omar you think i don't know that
you know the reason you're at this
school is thanks to me
i made a deal with your father
i wouldn't talk to you so he'd let you
stay cause if you admit that you lied
you'll be an accessory to murder you
know that right
good evening we haven't met yet i'm lou
valerio's sister she's my half sister
don't listen
we promised ourselves this wouldn't ever
happen again
i'm your sister the hairy father was
admitted for
it was just a scare should you hear
anything he's alive
it's a miracle given how bad it all was
one of the best hospitals in the world
they'll operate tomorrow and then i'll
have to undergo a few months of intense
rehabilitation
sooner or later you're going down
you're not supposed to be walking yet
let's follow the doctor's orders all
right i said i'm fine
do you really think christian's accident
was just a coincidence
how can you be so calm about all this i
know how tough it can be being the new
girl coming here making friends
really you're such a sweetheart oh stop
the creature right yeah okay
look at me everything's fine we've all
moved on and we're all one big happy
family right
dude nobody's saying that yeah cool
story ander but you forget
my sister wasn't lost she was murdered
yes i was involved
stick to cleaning of course
if you don't need anything else i'll be
going
don't forget you're covering cleaning
both houses for me this afternoon okay
i'm taking your grandpa to the doctor
listen you need to go to the police and
tell them everything you know about the
night of mourinho's murder
you don't have to do it in person just
leave an anonymous tip i was just
messing with you
just some role-playing i thought that
would turn into me after nobility
don't lie that's why you took this job
i'm just making the most of it
who who's making the most you or the
spoiled girl you made
i've worked hard for every single thing
i have
what i wasn't going to tell you my whole
life story right off the bat no one
would suspect you riding around on your
bike
anyway you wouldn't be a dealer you'd be
a delivery guy
i'm trying to say our relationship isn't
hard
what's hard is wasting all my time in
that shop pretending to be someone
whoa i'm not whoa [ __ ] you doing with
carla's phone
don't tell me you're a criminal as well
and from now on you and i make the rules
together you got it
you will never be the man of this house
get up
i killed marina
i couldn't take him anymore
i can keep the secret i can't even look
who's man in the eye you know you've
ruined his life
and you're going to tell him everything
no
you have 24 hours starting now i'm not
bluffing your time's up god damn it
[Music]
hey hey someone help me
call an ambulance call anyone get it out
get it all out
right now there's an innocent guy
rotting in jail for something he didn't
do
at least until the trial starts
responding listen your sister was the
most important person in my life she was
we were about to have a kid together
[Music]
i think it's best for us to go back to
our lives
you with your girlfriend and me what if
i left her
no i actually meant it's because i don't
love you
i don't love you back i slept with nadia
holy [ __ ] sorry
samuel
son of a [ __ ] gotta be kidding me i
broke up with lou
i'm so sorry i can't all you want with
my little brother
first you killed marina then left
christian for dead you're a [ __ ] up
psychopath you know that
this how you investigate she's laughing
in your face
i want you to deliberately fail every
exam this week why would i
because i want you to feel exactly what
i felt if you bolt we forfeit the bail
i'll repay you the bail money as soon as
i can this photo must have been taken
before they killed marina
and this one was after it belonged to
christian
he let him use his shirt but he knew
where the blood on polos came from
that i don't like my sister's murderer
walking free
it was your buddy polo anymore you
better watch your mouth you little
[ __ ] if she's gonna reveal something
about you then you're going to do this
let her know you'll tell everyone that
you know about the whole valerio thing
but if you continue your shitty little
investigation all you're gonna do is end
up like christian
your name really is kaytana right yeah
the real kaitan is far more interesting
than that at least she's different
he knows about the dress you stole no
not that and that the owner called all
of my other houses
and have lost every client
i'm sorry but that's not enough to alter
the course of this investigation
it took way less evidence than this to
throw my brother in jail your brother to
the profile the profile no you don't
want to believe me because if you
believe me then you have to admit your
friends are your real
enemies you need to accept it right now
i'm the only one telling you the [ __ ]
truth we're not just talking about pains
and bills here i know
we're talking a lot of money yeah it's
illegal
samuel what's he saying said you killed
my sister
nadia i dumped blue and went straight to
your store if that isn't clearly knowing
what i want then enlighten me since
you're such a pro
what have you done to show me
victoria i provide housekeeping services
perhaps
you're not cayetana's mom are you
[Laughter]
what account are the guests wearing all
their donations into
or at least it's as real as your
elaborate little stories about the world
your vacation and your house
your friendship
yes kaitana here is a liar and her
mother isn't me
was it paula who killed marina
no he didn't sleep at home are you sure
he was last seen yesterday nadia i made
the video
you're both welcome to come back to the
school
i think that should be enough for you to
stick it out a few more months or at
least until cayetano finishes her
studies that's all you can ask for
change takes time they really love each
other and that's what's important
the [ __ ] are you doing use the door like
a normal person
so you gonna explain who the hell those
[ __ ] were back there some thugs want
to get revenge on rebecca's mom
[ __ ] nice samuel we have to make her
suffer
[Music]
to your grandparents farm so we can
search the premises do you
well i came here during the summer
you're just gonna find a ton of spider
webs
the area has been cleared let's get out
of here paul murdered marina
it was an accident and i know where the
trophy is
it's right by the riverbank
i pray the next time you pass out you
split your head wide open
and keep bleeding until you die thanks
for listening to me
well if i had listened earlier it
wouldn't have come to all this you good
yeah and you good if you confess we'll
get it over with
we have carla's confession you mean my
spiteful ex whose father disproved her
story i think the only one here who's
delaying inevitable is you
[Music]
you